Change from docker to KO everywhere (#90)
grafana-operator/grafana-operator-experimental: CONTRIBUTING.md

Depending on what you have changed these commands will update a number of different files.

### KO

> To speed up the container build process and not being forced to maintain a Dockerfile we are using [ko](https://ko.build/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up multi-arch image builds and avoid burden of maintaining a Dockerfile, we are using [ko](https://ko.build/).
```
Just to highlight what exactly we want to speed up :)
